Documentation updates (#2117)
ROCm/Tensile: docs/src/reference/nomenclature.rst

-------------

The bound indices are also known as summation indices. These indices are not present in tensor C but in the summation symbol (Sum[k]) and in tensors A and B. The inner products (pairwise multiply then sum) are performed along these indices.

Benchmark run
==============

> In a benchmark run, a set of potential suitor solutions to solve a problem defined by parameterized properties is generated for a benchmark `config <https://github.com/ROCm/Tensile/tree/develop/Tensile/Configs>`_. The generated kernels with specified sizes or ranges are run and their performance is recorded. The best performing kernels for the given benchmark are selected and written to output as Library logic.

Reviewer: This is overly wordy (I suspect it was this was before)
```suggestion
In a benchmark run, a set of potential kernels are generated to solve the problem(s) defined by the parameters in the provided benchmark `config <https://github.com/ROCm/Tensile/tree/develop/Tensile/Configs>`_. The generated kernels with specified sizes or ranges are run and their performance is recorded. The best performing kernels for the given benchmark are selected and written to output as Library logic.
```

Author: Done

Library logic
==============

> Library logic are one or more .yaml files containing benchmarking output results. Usually, one file is generated per gfx architecture per benchmark problem. These files consist of kernel meta-data, mappings to problems that it can solve, and performance data at particular sizes.

Author: "These files consist of kernel meta-data, mappings to problems that **it** can solve, and performance data at particular sizes."

What is **"it"** here?

Reviewer: Here "it" refers to the set of kernels that would be generated by this logic file.

> Library logic are one or more .yaml files containing benchmarking output results. Usually, one file is generated per gfx architecture per benchmark problem. These files consist of kernel meta-data, mappings to problems that the set of kernels generated by the logic file can solve, and performance data at particular sizes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Benchmarking output results are serialized into library logic files. Usually, one file is generated per GFX architecture per benchmark problem. These files consist of kernel meta-data, mappings to problems that the set of enclosed kernels can solve, and performance data at particular sizes. Library logic files are used during the build phase to generate tuned, production-ready kernels.
```

Author: done
